Version 2.20
Condorcet Internet Voting System
Oct 2020

Copyright 2020, Andrew C. Myers

This is a open-source release of the CIVS voting system
software. If you simply want to run an election, it may be
easier just to use the existing CIVS election server running
at Cornell University, at http://civs.cs.cornell.edu.  See
the file INSTALL for information about how to set up your
own server.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
software and its documentation for any purpose and without
fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice appear in all copies and that both the copyright
notice and this permission notice and warranty disclaimer
appear in supporting documentation, and that the names of
the authors or their employers not be used in advertising or
publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without
specific, written prior permission.

This is research software.  It is distributed free in the
hope that it will be useful, but without any warranty;
without even the implied warranty of merchantability or
fitness for any particular purpose.  In no account will the
authors be liable for any special, indirect, or consequential
damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of
use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract,
negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in
connection with the use or performance of this software.
